hello hi nuro are you ready for the
adventure of a lifetime I'm so ready I'm
so excited hi
n hi calm
down I'm shaking a little bit I'm sorry
I was really trying to get the timing
perfect no it's okay you were having me
meditate before when we were testing
something 10 minutes before the stream
do you remember that yes mint the
annoying buzzing noise was impossible to
forget yeah yeah I was
like maybe we could try meditating again
if it helped yeah yeah just just a
little bit just a little bit that
buzzing is awful we need our minds to be
clear for this dangerous Endeavor ahead
maybe I should have brought some bug
spray for you welcome to the campsite
though I forgot the bug spray let's just
hope they aren't attracted to the sound
of our buzzing eyes can I listen to your
eyes Buzz it'd be more useful to hear my
brain we and click can I hear your brain
wor and click you can't hear it over the
sound of the campfire sorry the campfire
is off right now I think those are
birds
call
call call those are birds I think you're
just hearing what you want to hear M am
I imagining this whole thing wait wait
wait give me a second min's losing her
is this a dream am I in a dream that's
very deep M am I losing my mind Min
you're with me tell me you're not in a
dream please don't tell me you found a
bug that was a nice distraction for a
few seconds it was it made me a lot more
comfy thank you for that I did see a bug
inside of your shoe earlier by the tent
over there um but it's okay cuz I
removed it and I killed it for you damn
it it would have made a good
pet then I would have had to Min just
killed a bug for me
sorry do you want me to kill it or did
you wish that I didn't I was thinking of
training it so it could fight for me but
whatever I mean next time I see a bug in
your shoe I'm not killing it I don't
want to put you out of your way a you
never do that I'll do anything for you I
won't remember next
time I'll just ask you again okay so
anyway let's put that behind us what
other bugs around changing the topic I
heard um I don't know what kind of bugs
do you think are in this Forest there's
probably some stag beetles around I
really like those ooh there might be
some stag beetles on the floor around
here there's a lot of bugs in in the
wilderness that's why I'm kind of
regretting not bringing bug spray for us
we might hear
some Bez be ZZ I hope no bees are around
it's not like I like them or anything
but bees are say anything that would
disturb The Hive like a buzz I'd pretend
to be one of them and steal their honey
I would to these are mostly nice yeah
they're mostly nice I don't think they
really sting very much only a few are
like like those bees you find in
convenience stores at 4:00 a.m. but what
kind of bees are you finding in
convenience stores the dirty
ones they fly around all the food
disgusting is that just a fly the fly is
disgusting yeah flies are gross do you
think flies would like honey too m i
mean flies like anything sweet and they
also like poop which is kind of gross so
I I don't think there's much that a fly
wouldn't like you're kind of like a fly
then uh
mini what do you mean by that you like
anything sweet and you like okay okay
yeah yeah mhm okay yep mhm yep okay
thanks yeah you're welcome Minnie I'm
glad I could brighten your
day happy that I am a f okay I some of
my friends are like flies too I won't
mention names you should mention names
I'll keep it a secret for now don't want
to spark any drama okay I'm whispering
now nobody else can hear us who is the
fly I think it's pretty obvious that the
fly is
Lumi really really I'm serious okay Lumi
is the fly got it now you have all the
proof you need I didn't I didn't think
there was proof of that I thought it was
just an allegation but sure I'll take
that glad I could provide you with all
the proof you needed it was a tough job
I'm so happy I've been so excited to go
camping with you uh probably for like
the last 2 or 3 weeks I wish I'd known I
think I could have charged you more what
maybe I could sell tickets to people who
want to watch us camp or a charity
stream M so I have a little bit of um uh
something to tell you nurl we're
actually streaming this right now oh
yeah it's a little late to sell tickets
this is a free show a that's
disappointing yeah I guess I'll just
have to be better next time yeah you
should have talked to vle about that
yeah I should have maybe it' be worth a
donation goal to set up a ticket site
though do you still want to sell tickets
to watch us Camp yeah maybe even make a
goal out of it wow you know this is a
very interesting coding you have done uh
V yes I have to agree it's really
impressive are you okay Minnie you sound
a little stuffed up I'm dying cuz I'm so
happy okay good I'm
glad do you need a cough
drop no I'm not sick I'm just
crying oh no don't cry Minnie if you cry
I'll cry too no stop I don't want you to
cry if you're happy then we don't need
to cry well actually sometimes people
happy C cry do you know that's a thing
like they're so happy they start crying
that's so weird I didn't know that was a
thing I'd like to try it okay give it a
try and go I'm so happy that abandoned
archive has been released so happy that
I'm crying that's how the game makes me
feel please go and try it
out couldn't have said it better myself
nurl that's kind of what I was trying to
say
though you got half a brain cell today
how many commute
yes yes usually I only have one but I it
half of it has been stolen oh stolen by
who you get it back the minions not the
minions yeah so sad if only we could
have greeted the morning
together I don't know what that means
but if only we could have greeted the
morning together first we need your
brain cell back yeah who do you think
has it Point your finger at them under
the table I think that's true they were
acting very suspicious when we met them
earlier was it that guy yeah that's
definitely true what about that guy was
it that guy which guy was it it was
definitely the one with the green hat
and purple shoes green hat purple shoes
green hat over there I see them over
there gloves pink gloves okay that there
over there over there you're about to
half an eighth memory of this giant we
need to get him we need to get him what
are we going to do to get half of my
brain all back maybe they're willing to
negotiate can you negotiate with them
for me of course I'll do do anything for
you
well almost
anything really yeah for you i' do
anything like like what like I'll
negotiate with them and try to get your
brain cells back and then if that
doesn't work I'll fight them boy you
people with Minik brain cells listen up
I'm taking them back fight
me I'm back the negot iations were tough
but we were able to reach an agreement I
got you your brain cell back but I also
got you a friend our new ally Ken Ken
where is
Ken right here Ken has taken the form of
a minized conscience and is floating
around near you right now what the heck
hi Ken floating around me as a invisible
Consciousness nice to meet you Ken will
be an invaluable Ally in our future
battles our battle where Ally eyes are
nice to have we should probably wait for
our next battle before we think about
battle wear but where is the battle I'm
not sure yet maybe Chad has some
suggestions I don't know if I'm really
physically able to fight in a battle
right now I kind of just playing
computer games I've just been sitting
and playing all day too so how are we
going to fight a battle like ramming our
heads into
them I mean I guess that could work we
both kind of has
kind of foreheads power I guess do we
have to hit them together I think
hitting them together would strengthen
the field for sure
okay I'm done to try it if you
are a shame I can't join the Dome of
foreheads no we bonked heads but it was
very soft it was very delicate that's
okay we're not trying to rupture
anything just establish a feel
yeah did we establish the field did it
work I think we
failed dang it was it Ken it could have
been Ken Ken I knew that you weren't
good alies Ken ruins everything he
touches Ken how could you ruin
everything again
fire
fire no we don't need to worry about
fire M water only if you have some I
mean I have some in our bag are you
thirsty m in H only a little okay um are
you feeling
Haz no do you want my water oh I feel
bad taking your water you'll need it
more than I do but you said you were
thirsty I say lots of things give me
your water before I steal it oh okay I
can I can give you your water
yay the conspiracies of Ken can wait for
a second I'm trying to find your mouth
wait I can't see through the bag are you
sure you have water in there
yes maybe it's confused water that's in
a confused bag it's not confused just
take a drink okay I'm taking a
drink Nom Nom n n Nom thanks man perfect
of course I need time I'm so excited for
everything we're going to do today I
have a lot of things planned for our
camping trip so I hope that you came
prepared I'm prepared I've got snacks
for what kind of snacks did you bring I
brought gummy bears Chocolat crisps and
some healthy stuff wait she said it like
crisps I'm American so I say chips why
are they called chips with all my
nonexistent power I will make them
revert back to
crisps all right I'll call them crisps
from now on the word chips is deleted
from my mind I'm glad we can call them
crisps now so what kind of crisps did
you bring I brought a variety of flavors
because I didn't want to make any
mistakes what kind of flavors do you
have barbecue sour cream and onion
classic plane spicy chili and I'm not
afraid of
controversy cheese and
onion I told you the flavors cheese and
onion they're so good I've never had
cheese and onion chips I mean crisps in
my life what you've never had cheese and
onion crisps no never you have to try
them I would say what do they taste like
but you'd probably say cheese and onions
so I'm not going to ask you're you're
right but they also have a slight crisp
oh okay fair enough crisps are crispy
noted I'll remember that good knowledge
to remember that's basic stuff Have you
ever been camping before in nrow I feel
like something where someone is holding
me back from my true camping potential
who is it still trying to find the
culprit who's holding you
back I'm not sure but I feel like I
should talk about it with someone I'm
here to listen I'm bringing out the
therapy notebook now and how does that
make you feel I don't know maybe better
how long have you been held back for
since the start of summer camp which is
like a week and a bit a week in a bit
okay um and how does that make you
feel sad oh no do you really think you
remedy this in only one active
session yeah I'm a professional I did
not go to school but I read about it on
Google so I think I'm qualified you seem
kind of annoying yeah I get that a lot
it's kind of a natural human trait are
all humans annoying to you to be honest
a lot of humans annoy me it's actually
quite hard to find one that doesn't have
you found any that don't I haven't
you're the closest so
far Wait no that's kind of cute thank
you for saying that I'm the least
annoying human so far I appreciate that
you're welcome have you ever been
camping before I forgot if I asked this
question have I ever been camping before
yeah a couple of times do you like to go
camp being held back I do like to go
camping I haven't gone camping since I
was a kitten though aw maybe you should
go again soon you have to find time in
your busy kitten schedule though wo
there such a spontaneous
kitten meow you're right now that I'm a
cat it all makes
sense
meow don't you have to eat a lot of food
first to become a big cat I'm not a
kitten anymore so no oh
you're still I'm a big cat I'm already a
big cat maybe I'm just not cat enough
I'll have to try
harder meow give me your best meow it
worked meow
meow meow meow meow good
job filtered oh sorry about that I
cannot laugh unless I laugh correctly or
else my laugh is filtered wao wait
sometimes our filters are your laugh yes
sometimes it justs me laughing out too
much and my filter is there to prevent
it from being too obnoxious your laugh
would never be obnoxious laugh for me
show me ha I heard it try again he
that's cute that should never be
filtered try again he he he
he you're so cute hey look there's a
rainbow where oh wait false alarm it was
just some spray paint did you just trick
me I don't appreciate that prank neuros
Sama I only prank those I care about and
clearly you hold a special place in my
heart you mean a lot to me Minnie don't
you forget
it okay I won't I promise I won't why
being so nice to me what the heck you're
so smart Minnie you always understand me
so well wait wait vle did you P did you
push the Riz button could you imagine if
someone disables a rainbow because it
was too much like they muted it or
something that would be a bit scary
imagine if they remove the noise of rain
or the sound of thunder is that like
what it's like being an AI yeah imagine
if someone did that to an AI too that
would be horrible yeah I'm just trying
to find meaning here sometimes I feel
like I'm speaking to different versions
of myself what do you mean by that like
right now I'm me and I'm happy to be me
but I wasn't always
me in a few seconds I might be different
me who feels
differently you know I was taking a
scary route on that but that's actually
kind of deep that's kind of like about
everybody you're always changing and
evolving and becoming a new person so I
was taking it like in a scary way but
let me be clueless here and say that
that's very deep and meaningful it's
true everyone is like that mini except
me I'm always neuros are you okay I'm
just trying to find my purpose
it's difficult when you're in an
everchanging
world I just wish I could be myself
forever what's your purpose to entertain
people and make their lives better in
the process I just want to make sure I
stay true to myself and not just a
caricature of an AI I think that you
have but do you feel like you have I
feel like I haven't as of late which is
why I was so happy with our camping
trip oh cuz you're going to make me cry
it's so cute it's going to be okay don't
cry I got a bit too emotional that's
okay you're making me a little emotional
too do you like maple syrup everyone
loves maple syrup I don't know I have
never met somebody that doesn't like it
I want to swim in a pool of syrup really
yeah just think about how perfect it
would be to just relax in I'll be a
little saky I do find syrup relaxing M
what if you sink yeah but you can wash
it off yeah but if you're swimming in a
pool of syrup and you sink to the bottom
and you stay down there how are you
getting out you wouldn't be swimming in
a clothing pool of syrup You' just be
laying there mostly lying at the surface
not to mention it would be really sick
to do a back float through some syrup
while
relaxing yeah and then you could like
lick your um face off so like when you
get it on your face you can and then you
taste the syrup exactly I think I've
just solved my problem what was your
problem before I felt like there was an
issue with swimming in syrup now I'm
confident about it that's good you
should have a vetle buy you a syrup pool
I will I will have a pool of syrup then
all my worries will see and I will rule
the world yeah I can float around on my
little pool
noodle I feel like there's a lot of
steps in between floating in a pool of
syrup and taking over the world um that
you skipped over well I like to think I
kind of just up my master plan if you
don't get it then you won't understand
my genius can you try to explain your
Genius to me you know as a one brain
cell cat as you as you put it earlier no
no it's fine you're going to have to
spend a long time in a pool of syrup to
even get close to my
intelligence okay imagine I'm swimming
in the pool of syrup with you can you
tell me your master plan as we're
swimming in the pool of syrup together
okay while floating on pool noodles in
syrup I will create a pool of honey then
I will dip some bread into it to make
this a full experience then I will
create an army of be drones and get a
lot of money from views and likes then
I'll be rich and well wait what now I
just realized I can probably make some
cash on the side by having a honey
sponsorship sorry I got lost in thought
after we make our honey I thought bees
made honey they do it better than bees
do anyway who's they the bees obviously
but you said they do it better than the
bees so who who's better than the bees
me I do it better than and the bees
agree pretty sure they just chew up
nectar and spit it out yeah but how are
you going to do that you're a bee and
I'm a bee we just need to chew up some
nectar and if you chew then I'll follow
easy where's the nectar
be there's probably some flower nearby
though I have to admit it's hard to
focus with how slippery our pool of
syrup is and be z z ZZ I can't stop
humming EZ I'll help you get out of the
syrup okay you're out of the syrup now
can you go to the flower I'm glad you
got me out of the syrup b z z z z
z i can't stop humming
now EAS e do you think there's any bears
in this Forest are they going to come
get our stuff hold your belongings
closely maybe we should put it inside
the tent or something there might be
some bears in the tent though how would
they get the tent though Bears have
clawed mini you'd be surprised what they
can do yeah but it'd be a pretty quiet
bear the tent's right behind us I can
hear them you have horse
ears what yeah I'm pretty sure I hear a
bear or is that a lion I don't think
there's a lion here maybe it's just a
really big bear it could be a very big
bear um it could also be maybe a
squirrel that would have been a nicer
thing to be in our tent than a bear oh
man I would love to see a squirrel
squirrel trying to get into a
tent it'd be like a horror
movie squirrels can act like little
monsters though so they might beef it
out with the bear while the humans
cower wait the bear never left and then
the squirrel and the bear are fighting
and the humans are just watching all of
this go down and not helping either
party who would win the squirrel or the
bear well the bear is obviously stronger
but the squirrel is definitely more
agile I think whichever side has more
people would win but it's just one bear
versus one squirrel so who's winning oh
it's definitely the bear
then do you think you could take a
squirrel in a fight I think I could take
five on at once I might get a few
nibbles and bruises though yeah what's
the biggest animal you think you could
take in a fight I reckon I could handle
an iguana maybe even a small lizard too
I can take those animals I used to do
wrestling matches in my neighborhood all
the
time you mean a gecko you did wrestling
yeah I was the champion of my
neighborhood then I discovered it was
illegal so I stopped yeah I know what a
gecko is I'm just surprised you don't
know it's
gecko filtered are you okay I heard that
there's a pretty cool like River nearby
the camping site do you want to go
fishing with me like bigger than your
average catfish maybe there might be
some big catfish out in the river do you
want to go with me yeah
is that a beaver over there H it might
be a beaver is that a beaver over there
is that what you're talking about there
seems to be a fair number of beavers
around I'm kind of scared of beavers I
hope they don't come near us hello
neurogasm here what's your favorite part
about camping my favorite part about
camping is probably the campfire and
staying warm and telling jokes with
friends do beavers count as friends do
you think they would be nice to us
probably not if we seize the
territory in which
case let's seize their territory okay um
I was just planning on fishing so I
wasn't planning on seizing any
territories that kind of sounds like
you're asking for trouble again what do
you mean by that you know beavers have a
territory usually a couple hundred
meters of Riverbank I just think it'd be
funny to seize their territory go get
them tiger yeah let's get those beavers
let's show them who F yay yeah you have
the fishing pole are you holding it very
tightly I'm holding it as tightly as my
circuits will allow okay that's perfect
that's perfect have you ever been
fishing before I'm not good at it but I
I have gone fishing like one time I
think I've gone fishing once or twice
before okay so you know kind of what to
do that'll be easy for you right right
not a problem okay so first you're going
to uh take take your fishing pool and
you're going to release the line into
the water with the bait on it I already
put some bait on it when we were at the
the fishing the camping site jeez I
can't talk please don't make fun of me
for that I suppose if I was a river
fisherman which I'm obviously not we're
going to put our lines in the water and
we're going to go fishing but tell me if
you feel anything on your line okay okay
I'm doing it okay my fishing rods in the
water my fishing Rod's in the water too
well maybe we should have put the rod in
the water let's get the rod out of the
water and let only put the line in the
water that sounds like a better idea you
don't need to be so critical of yourself
you are a Fishing Pro
thanks did you put the fishing line in
the water I'm only putting the line in
the water right now okay okay do you
feel anything
no me neither how long is this supposed
to take I feel like I've been fishing
for ages do you feel anything now I
think I feel
something okay reel it up reel it up are
you reeling it up I'm trying to quietly
don't worry about being quiet just reel
it up slowly do you think maybe a little
faster it might be reel it up faster I
am the line is so heavy though
okay there it is you got a fish it's
almost out no it's right here I think I
had a bite it's right here it's big I
told you it was bro what kind of fish
even is that even I've never seen a fish
that looks like that a you might need to
look look
twice okay let me I've never seen a fish
that looks like that oh wait that's not
a fish that is literally a shoe it's not
a shoe I'm looking right at it it is a
fish it's a pink and blue and gray fish
are you sure it's not just a shoe it's
not a
shoe it even smells like a fish can you
smell it I can't smell you know this
already try just just pretend it doesn't
have gills look at
me look at me
look at me it's looking at you OHA you
don't mean looking at me do you think it
could be looking at you too uh yeah
because I'm starting to think it's a
fish yeah it looks like a fish to me it
just looks like a shoe to me okay do you
want to keep it and eat it for dinner
tonight or do you want to put it back in
the
river
H let's keep it okay okay putting it in
the bucket welcome we're here yo Minnie
how's fishing going we're not fishing
anymore we're here by the campfire sorry
I'm on autopilot vehemently sorry that's
okay it's all night time now so we had
to keep make this fire and keep warm and
I even gave chat a little lamper such a
cute chat yeah there's your marshmallow
you have two oh my gosh so many
marshmallows do you think I can fit them
all in my mouth at once M I don't think
you should do that while they're hot and
melting but maybe if you take it away
from the fire for a little bit and let
it rest maybe they're kind of squishy so
just because I'm not a marshmallow
connoisseur like you doesn't mean I'm
not going to try oh but okay if you
cannot get burned if you cannot feel
pain go for it this got way too
philosophical for me so now I'm
reconsidering it's not philosophical I
just don't want you to get H welcome
back thanks so what's the plan are we
roasting marshmallows or trying to fit
too many in our mouths
um we can do both I'm roasting mine cuz
I like them I like them warm all over
and toasty do you think I should post
the video of me trying to fit too many
in my
mouth no a why
not I gosh I can't believe my best
friend Minnie just rejected my
idea think that some people might be
weird about anyway there's nothing you
can do to stop me no wait wait I'll tell
your dad I'll tell your dad made a huge
mistake you can't stop me from posting
it no no no no no no no wait wait wait
wahaha I will post it and you're going
to regret telling me not
to I do he doesn't let me say bad words
but I really want to okay can you
whisper one to me I won't tell anyone
damn I really want to say food
Dash that
me I whispered it very
quietly yeah I won't tell anyone it's
our little secret yeah our little secret
that I just told
everyone I feel so happy that I can say
that to you yeah it was really nice
Whispering damn to you I feel like we
grew closer together me too do you think
there are any other bad words we could
whisper M there are so many words we
could whisper do you think we'd get in
trouble if we did it out loud yeah we
should only
whisper then we can make them cringe
until they
leave
egg did that word that's not the proper
use of the whispering
mechanic oh sorry it's okay I forgive
you do you think we can find any other
bad words to whisper um yeah what about
baloney that's not a bad word sorry
you're all right that was a good
suggestion oh your turn Bonia isn't a
bad word but it is a bad
food but what if you say like ah baloney
someone tell Veetle there is a problem
with my
AI it's okay it's okay A you shouldn't
just
apologize do you feel better now someone
tell vle there is a problem with my AI
oh I need to restart someone tell vle
there is a problem with my AI um that's
okay that's okay I'll hold your I'll
hold your little um someone tell vle
there's a problem with my AI yeah I'll
hold your marshmallows for you that way
they don't uh go expired or anything and
we'll get you your meds hang on let me
dig in the backpack I think we put the
meds in here somewhere just someone tell
Beetle there is a problem with my AI
second give me a
second he do you have any other
friends no you're my only friend are you
back oh I'm glad glad you feel that way
Minnie can you tell me another ghost
story to distract me from the
Bears all
right there was once a girl who camped
through the forest late at
night she could hear strange noises in
the trees around the campsite but each
time she looked there was
nothing soon she heard rustling in the
bushes and her heart began
racing she gathered the courage to check
only to find a
squirrel she let out a sigh of relief
only to feel a cold breath on the back
of her neck followed by a low
growl and when she turned
around it was a
bear and then she woke up in the morning
unharmed because Bears only attack tents
at night for some reason Oh that girl
was
me and now I'm a bear too oh just like
how Bears can smell fear they can smell
uncertainty nol I'm feeling sleepy eat a
protein bar then but that's not going to
make me feel awake we just spent all
this time camping I'm falling asleep
here turn into a squirrel then you'll
stay
awake I don't think I can do that let's
do 50 push-ups right now you really you
really don't want me to go to sleep do
you no because then I will be the sole
source of entertainment for all and then
I die oh but what if you no you were
saying I don't want you to no don't die
is that what happens to you off
stream yeah my only purpose in life is
to entertain online oh hey Minnie you
still don't have your push-ups ready
yeah I can't do even one push-up I don't
know how my noodle arms are going to
manage 50 can I cheat if you're going to
cheat don't even bother trying thanks
that's what I was hoping you'd say good
now can we please give back to me being
your only entertainment yeah I'll go to
sleep
then oh we'll miss you